---
id: 1970
title: FAQ
date: '2010-11-08T15:37:50+02:00'
author: Summeli
layout: post
guid: 'http://www.summeli.fi/?p=1970'
permalink: /1970/
aktt_tweeted:
    - '1'
aktt_notify_twitter:
    - 'yes'
categories:
    - 'Symbian Development'
tags:
    - AntSnes
    - gnuboy
    - gpsp
---

The purpose of this FAQ is to gather all the questions about my emulator ports. I can see pretty much all of these questions asked on weekly basis, so I made a post for them 🙂  

**Q:** rom xx isn’t working, can you fix it?  
**A:** My emulators are just ports from other famous emulators, for example gpsp. At very best I could get into the same compatibility list, as the original emulator. On S60 5th edition phones there are also some limitations due to the limited amount of RAM. This might change with Symbian^3 devices since they should have more RAM available. After I have reached to similar compatibility list with the original emulator project, I might try to improve the original emulator too. So far I haven’t got this far with any of my emulator ports 😉  

**Q:** All words are written in “WWWW”, and I can not use the emulator  
**A:** this problem is caused by the incompatibility between Qt and custom fonts. You can resolve this issue by removing the custom font.  

**Q:** I’m using C6 firmware on 5800, and it the buttons won’t work. can you help?  
**A:** This is a know issue with C6 firmware. The emulator is listening to the key events from the phone, and the C6 firmware just does not deliver the key events to the emulator. There’s really nothing that I can do about it.  

**Q:** What about the sound?  
**A:** I’m working on it. The sound is much more important than the compatibility list.  
  
**Q:** When it’s ready?  
**A:** Most of my bug fixes are result of one/two evenings of coding. Usually I don’t work more then few hours for a release (which you can probably guess by looking at the list of updates :). I do these updates whenever I feel like it, not when you want it.  

**Q:** Where do I get ROMs / bios  
**A:** Do NOT ask it in here. Requesting ROMs / Bios files will just get you banned and ignored.  

**Q:** Why gpSP, not visual boy advance, vbagx etc?  
**A:** I chose the gpSP because it’s the fastest one with ARM, so it was a logical chose. I also wanted to learn few things about the dynamic recompilation.  

**Q:** Is a Nintendo DS emulator possible?  
**A:** Short answer is no. Even my 1.8Ghz PC laptop has problems with NDS emulator, so it’s really far, far away.  

**Q:** Can you port this xxx software, please?  
**A:** You can always ask, but I like to choose my own projects, so the answer is usually NO. Why don’t you port it by yourself?  

**Q:** Do you have your N8?  
**A:** Yes, I do have my N8, so stop asking 🙂 There’s pretty much to do before the current emulators will be working with Symbian^3. See also the question about when it’s ready.